yeah what's up max are you going yes I
have coronavirus have you heard the new
joke
you're not bad not bad I'm just
wondering you're not coming into the
office anytime it today are you or
tonight
seen how you going not just a just
general question strong out there you
say what is all this gobbledygook bro
I'm looking at age car now as you
probably heard listen you mean it says
aid car aid car listen yeah ok I'll just
check in I gotta go right baby
Oh everyone welcome to another episode
of cold ones I am your host anything for
views shout out to today's sponsors
gamers upset of a gamer sub so GG and
use cold cold ones code cold ones for
temps enough also expressvpn and as
always cool shirts over shirts with a Z
cool and user code views for 10% off
code views Max's here today I want the
money anyway today's guests came and
colossal is crazy
hello thanks for having me on again
anything for you anything fated reunion
bedroom I'm excited about that yeah we
haven't had anything to drink at all
so just are you coming back to baited
now Peyton's dead it's been dead for
quite some time you guys did that
reunion episode would tell me that
wasn't too bad it was good yeah we all
came together for a very common goal for
I'm Alex like that kid is a piece of
trash anyway
been in Australia now if both of you
when did you flow in a little bit off to
came didn't you die off just a after
we've been having some drinks we've been
having some fun good times sure
yeah you've been first time on that keen
in person it was exactly like I expected
it's a little different I thought clown
would be a little bit more attractive a
little bit more athletic a little bit
more everything oh no no you know he
came off the plane and combed his hair
his button up I actually didn't
that was like 22 hours of jet lag I'm
joking but honestly the funniest thing
about you
coming and seeing you and the first time
in real life was Chad getting naked and
jumping on you you hadn't seen it in a
three months or something so I thought
springing which I was jet-lagged so I
didn't expect that at all we got drunk
we've been drinking constantly you went
fishing today I did go fishing today and
I caught two fish one was a flat fish
flat head and then the other one was a
puffer fish I caught some children the
other day Oh having a bit of fun with
those yeah you are fishing for kids
don't you oh yeah I do it all the time
it's like a pastime of mine favorite
hobby I go for like nine ten years old
that's what I mean is that one time
sometimes I catch you know a 14-year old
and maybe I throw him back it depends
how they look on top of that we have
we've just been drinking I can remember
like the only talk that time we hung out
sober you guys hang out for seven for
two days because I was wrecked he can
drink like and he recovers the next day
other than the day he was sick I need
like a days recovery I needed two days
one I don't normally drink but the thing
is if you're gonna drink okay then there
there's a penalty for drinking right and
that's that hangover so how you deal
with the hangover is you get up and you
start moving around start moving on you
lay on the couch with a hangover you're
gonna feel like [__] the whole day you
start moving around you can kill your
hangover in like two hours this isn't
true man it is true why honestly like I
go for a run every single day 5k to 10k
and I feel better after the run always a
powder I just order the ink aisle and my
friend on my couch and I run and there's
no way you're gonna get me off that
couch that's why I was gone for two days
we went out one night what night was it
the night we went to Gigi's who went to
GG easy and I don't know what the [__]
happened to that night because it was
Methodist people just meant to go there
and hang out but it ended in us like
drinking I don't even remember parts of
that night and normally I remember
everything when I drink but there's
parts that night I do yeah because at
one point they just because we brought
so many people in that because it was
like 20 of us in total we there was 20
of us there and probably 40 people in
the bar so we like yeah we had the whole
but we all line ourselves up across one
side of the bar and at one point they
weren't even charging us for drinks he
was just going across a bottle at a time
and filling up all the shots we do the
shot they go get a new bottle they come
across again they do one more
five shots I went up to the bar owner
and I'm like I need five drinks right
five shots he goes what do you want I go
whiskey right I turn and look around and
I'm like counting the people I'm like
make that ten make that 15 and I just
kept doing it cuz I just kept seeing
more people like coming up and asking us
for photos and we're just like because
like instead of giving them photos I
remember because it's sort of hard to
take a photo in a cramped area without
true so they come up to that can we get
a photo might no but you can have a shot
drink that and then I do remember there
was one there was one kid hanging out
with us he must have just been 18 and
the whole night he was trying to come up
in Ostra photo he eventually got one
from me and the whole amount every time
he'd come up we go take a shot take a
shot take a shot and he took the photo
with me and how he didn't take any shots
off of that I was like it's a kid I look
behind me and he's in the corner of the
bar like this with his girlfriend like
trying to wake him up like wake up we're
gonna go [__] I just killed that kid he
got carried out the other night I saw
his girlfriend just [__] like power
lifting him up the stairs girlfriend was
like Hoffa so I like hang out that says
on my live this kid tried to get a
picture of me in the bathroom and I
slapped his phone yeah when people come
to that bathroom gonna get a photo you
got your [__] out and that small urine
on you're like can you just [__] away
yeah yeah but that's like a rare case
everyone everyone so far has been very
nice that's happened me so many times so
I'm in the bathroom and someone wants a
photo I'm like I'm pissing [__]
yeah are you smoking outside he came to
get me I was like can you just block the
door so I was like a body guard for a
day while he takes a piss cuz I didn't I
did a fan meet up at the same place yeah
who knew there was so many [__]
people just begging to see cute I knew
evil scream yeah I want a bat twelve
hundred people came out that was pretty
dope
who's your most hated youtuber at the
moment I'm Alex I hate all those [__]
British [__] I actually do are we doing
the show right now I'm just making fun
of those British people then I'm not
even offended by that because they
really are yeah we'll go down this
rabbit hole is like they must sit around
a table every week and go
what can we steal like what is that's
all YouTube is like this just like oh he
had a decent idea I'm gonna copy that
like [__] dude when we started made it
it literally launched podcasts
everywhere in the commentary community I
mean it's just it's the way it is dude
they realize like it's not a Babbage I
don't own I don't oh yeah the art form i
I got cast but still I got I mean I
guess the way people saw it was just
like this is easy it makes money and
it's fun and I don't blame people for
jumping on the podcast bandwagon this is
a talk show not a podcast this it's a
pub it's not I was gonna do a podcast I
want it to be good so I got Scott and I
said Scott make good podcast and he did
why what's the difference between a
podcast and talk show in this there's
visual editing it so it's like this
cameras are definitely not a talk show
this is a podcast
what's a talk show I see that we sit
down with gasps okay what is Joe Rogan
is that a talk show or a podcast talk
show it's not it's a podcast it's called
the Joe Rogan podcast okay okay all
right put it this way the reason this is
a talk show is because no let me explain
if you have a [__] audience tonight
no well yeah it's all visual audience we
don't promote the audio we don't tell
people to go listen the audio because
the visuals are better because we edit
[__] in and we pay an editor it's higher
quality it's good cameras I spent
$11,000 of the patreon money I think I
think this is the pre-recorded first row
now because you don't want the negative
assimilation with a podcast yeah how
about you both eat [__] and take your
shot
uno dos president not podcasts we're
doing right now eat [__]
[Music]
response from the episode expressvpn
[Applause]
[Music]
once again thank you very much
expressvpn for sponsoring this episode
of cold month and letting us do fun
stuff like this rap that we spent a lot
of time on I hope everyone like this
expressvpn is a great service I use it
myself mostly for accessing Netflix and
other regions and block YouTube videos
also when I'm on public hotel Wi-Fi I
have the spotty CD data stealing
gremlins to stealing passwords and
Eubank your phone they take my money so
I figure out how you can get three
months free service with expressvpn go
expressvpn calm /co bones
put the description link down below once
again that's expressvpn come forward
slash call buns and thank you very much
especially again the sponsoring this
episode of the culture it's a talk show
nut podcast I just said that once we
started baited all these other podcasts
started all over the place right and
immediately he's like well this isn't a
podcast this is a talk show okay this is
a nice podcast this is something
different yeah you could say it's a good
poke car good yes I wouldn't say it's a
good podcast I talk show would be
different because there would be
multiple guests that come in and the
guests would come on and they'd be like
yeah so the other day I was walking my
dog
I thought he was doing a number one but
he did a number two this is a talk show
you'd have Scott in the background on
the drums
no because you can edit it in what about
hey Stu hey Steve poke us what do you
think that's socks a podcast that's a
reaction channel well they react it
sounds when Alan brings out a [__]
YouTube videos on the screen and guys
look at this guy slicing him h3h3 show
or podcast is literally just him like
okay what did we copy off a reddit okay
ratted topic okay what was the reddits
opinion on that and this is my opinion
okay yeah what are the different takes
and this is I guess a counter take you
know that this is literally Ethan Ethan
literally just copies reddit steal [__]
from reddit put it on his laptop he sits
there and struggles and reads it with
like this [__] have you made fun of
his Tourette's by the way I didn't make
fun of his trots I make fun of him
because he just said Sarah stutters at
his computer yeah I gather that's not
his Tourette's that's an okay let's say
he has Tourette's okay it doesn't change
the fact that he's stuttering at his
computer like that doesn't make a good
[__] show oh there's there's sure
people that can't be in the NBA and they
can't play professional basketball
because they're short you know what are
you gonna say oh you're bad at
basketball is that making fun of them no
all right I hate Ethan I'm on your side
I like him he's inclined fun to have a
[__] podcast and wants it to be
respected then have a [__]
conversation stop with your [__] nose
this close to your goddamn I guess oboe
Gossage is subjective to the audience
because it does get views which means
people do [__] watch it from my
standpoint when I look at it I get a bit
angry at the views because I'm like why
is this getting somebody views cuz he's
just sitting down God's [__] YouTube
though and I know I know because I any
genre you can pick a better video you
made a better podcast then you watch
someone else's knee like this it yeah
why is it got more views than mine house
yeah but you say if you say your podcast
is better than someone
just sucking your own [__] and I don't
want to because thumbnail and [__]
title and tags are more important than
actual content when it comes to getting
views on YouTube I'm sorry but it is and
there are a lot of stupid viewers okay
no offense but a lot of stupid viewers
that will watch anything yeah they'll
click on a bad video and they won't
click off they'll just ride it to the
end wha this guy sucks here too lazy to
[__] click and go to the next one you
know just this is what it is
I hate agreeing with you but that's
reality that's true it is true yeah it's
just kind of a letdown when you see like
these videos a blow up and you watch it
as a crowd and you look at it me like
this [__] sucks I could have done
this in one day yeah but I came from a
time where if you made good content you
won right and now I'm seeing a lot of
[__] content winning just because of the
manipulation of a group I don't know if
it's ever been that way because ok I
started YouTube later than you but it
was always a case of this is [__]
content but those are the stuff that
gets the views well look you know Fred
for example was the biggest youtuber at
the time okay
he had a gimmick there was entertainment
there you know he went around with this
high-pitched voice and [__] you know
it's just you know I'm hesitant to call
that entertainment yeah yeah but this is
10 years ago that's fine to call it
entertainment clowns ago stuff that you
think is [__] right and not entertaining
to you you are not stupid enough to not
recognize why that's entertaining to
others I'm not stupid enough to
recognize that's not I'm hoping it's not
entertaining you can't put your so que
it's not entertaining to a 10 year old
11 year old yeah yeah okay they're wrong
I'm objectively right when I say that
that is not entertaining my opinion is
more valued and should be more valued
and more respected than a 10 year olds
so a big ego shot at - Jake Paul never
said he made boring content I've never
said that no I know why I think it's
content stupid I don't like it I hate
but I understand how it's entertaining
to pee kids you know I get it I hate
clicking on video I hate clicking like
video
logan paul and jake paul and other
youtubers like that and phousi and crap
like that and i'm like this is just
garbage they pumped out one day but it's
entertaining
yeah it's zombie as much as a [__]
crazy nutjob it and it caters to kids i
I do that's it then I watch it and I
hate myself for watching it so I can see
why people find it entertaining do you
know why they're so good at that
it's like heaps the reasons well the
number one reason why all those guys are
successful on YouTube and why they're
good at it is because they came from
fine and in Vine you had six or seven
seconds every single one of those seven
seconds had to garner the attention of
someone every [__] second right so
when vine shut down or whatever and they
went over to YouTube they still had a
same mentality well not every single
second has to be entertaining you know
not every person from vine succeeded on
YouTube a lot of them have lookit Lele
pons Jake Paul Logan Paul but that's
like that's like a handful like it's
such a stupid argument because you can
just argue that entertainment like
comedy is subjective so this is
entertaining it is not like at a certain
point you just gotta say okay this is
not entertaining I understand that some
idiot might find this entertaining but
at the end of the day it's [__] not
okay I guess what I was trying to say
was I see someone make something that
has heaps of views I watch it from
myself as someone else that makes videos
and I go to myself I could have made
this in a day and it would have gotten
this many views but instead I spent a
week on this video and it's I in my
opinion well it is twice as good as
twice that edited it puts so much more
time effort and quality into it but it
got half the [__] views and that's
just like a big kick in the balls when
you look at people with these channels
that pump out daily unedited shitty
crapped up cut together videos and
you're like I can see why it's insane to
kids so I'm like I could have done it
but I didn't because I have morals you
do that you make dramaalert videos I
make great content subjective bro I've
always made good cause my point it's
subjective it just depends how picky you
are when you like someone or not I can
watch something that's incredibly
unfunny
barely any new information but the
editing is amazing and incredibly
incredible and next level and I'd be
like that's a good video even though I
didn't like anything else about it that
was a great video do you ever feel like
the aesthetic of YouTube is this YouTube
that it
shitty it is filmed on a bad camera it
is filmed at your home and it's
obviously done all by you you reckon
there's some sort of aesthetic that
still resonates a day in YouTube where
people watch that stuff and they're like
oh like they made this but then when
people upload this high-quality stuff
with editors camera team studios
professional equipment they go oh this
is just [__] TV like if I want watch
TV oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah 100% that's
why you're never gonna see like Philip
DeFranco at a [__] news desk and
that's why there's always a couch behind
Philip DeFranco with stupid teddy bears
or whatever the [__] he's got on the
ship right or a broken lamp in the
corner which is just it's stupid if you
think about it okay Philip DeFranco
worth millions and millions of dollars
all was a [__] building and we know
this cuz he does background inlay you
know what I mean he owns a studio okay
so he has a fake bedroom in a studio so
his content looks like he's filming it
from his bedroom now why would Phillip
DeFranco if he has a successful business
successful building we have a stage that
looks like his bedroom because he knows
that's what connects with youtubers I
always get worried about this Chimel
person yeah exactly viewers viewers here
sigh I don't know I sit I always get
worried about this show because we put
so much effort into props in the
background and making it look good
obviously I haven't watched I haven't
watched one cold ones and that's because
it looks so good I mean if you guys are
gonna film out on the street next to
some bombs I'd watch it if you like bum
fighting that doesn't make any sense to
me I just said that as a joke it didn't
land we're gonna get to a point where we
are all incredibly fake alright there's
no real ones left
we're just complete frauds and we're
gonna be sitting there preaching to
random people being like come on guys
you need to save the earth make sure you
recycle the plastic like come on like
we're all good it's going this drunk I'm
not doing this we're gonna get rich you
need to upload we're gonna get filthy
rich but we're gonna turn into frauds
because of our success that is happening
people it's happening it's been
happening I just I've been able to
maintain my realness you know I think
you're slowly losing it the other night
I'm gonna make fun you a little bit the
other night we'll do
fan meet up that was two people left and
you'll like I need a cigarette and they
came down but you're already on their
way up oh come on take the formula all
the way up I'll be back down you're kind
of turning into it slyly that was an
interesting thing for me teams meet up I
know is it his meet up two seconds I'm
sorry to cut you off calm but some used
to it
I waited for for five hours every single
person twelve hundred people every
single person that came got a picture
with me all right it may have been rude
to those last two but I was there hi I
want to make funnier you're my friend
yeah that was an interesting it was
interesting for me because that was the
first time I've ever done any need to
hashtag me too sorry no no it's not your
first Meetup sorry gone sorry go on
clown your it was an interesting
experience was your first time even
though it was Kim's Meetup yeah so
people did recognize me obviously
because I baited and whatever yeah
everyone was more nervous than I could
ever have been eating them have you ever
found that meeting fans they're always a
little bit [__] nervous oh yeah and
possibly probably literally they're
crying and hugging you and it was also
the interactions that you have with them
you like [__] how do I respond if some
kid came up to me and was like I
actually can't remember what he said
because it was so broad it was about
gold because we went gold farming mm-hmm
he's like you know if you have any gold
farming like just give me a number and I
didn't know how to tell this kid like
I'm not giving you my mobile number yeah
and like it was like I froze for a
second but then I'm an [__] as well
so I was like no I'm like you've not
number here this is this is where it
really hits at home right and this is
for everyone
like I'm not saying like I'm some
special person this happens to every
youtuber when a fan goes up to you and
says I was depressed I hated my [__]
life my girlfriend broke up with me I
parents hated me I was done with life I
was ready to kill myself if it wasn't
for your content if it wasn't for me
getting addicted to watching your stuff
I would have nothing to distract myself
and I would not be here today
you literally saved my life that's the
hardest [__] to deal with and I'm sure
you've had an experience like that where
a fan of said something like that to you
or so I thought emails yeah I take pride
in how good I am with dealing with
social situations remember the gods have
pulled up in the car the other day I
like Maxim about his friend and instead
of like me I said [__] off a guy at the
bar the other night came up to me and he
was like oh we're a big fan bla bla bla
bla bla and like I'm like oh you'll
twitch stream or something like that and
I ki like he wanted me to like do some
business with a Muslim should I'm drunk
so don't ask someone that one that drunk
yeah he's like ah no I'm the moderator
for this twitch streamer and I just
[__] lost it cuz this guy like was
harassing me all night I just turned on
like I don't care what color [__]
sword you have in someone's chat I'm
getting drunk leave me alone [__] off
don't come near me but you know that's
the 1% you know it's one person that
ruins it for everyone it's been great
for me every youtuber I've met
I've liked every fan I hate for me to
nine a day every fan subscriber I've met
perfectly nice boogie2988 once was a
very respectable member of the YouTube
community right I mean this most popular
video was fat man forced into a [__]
pool no it's just fat I have been
friends or at least friendly with boogie
first before Keane goes into this rant
we've tried to be nice to boogie but
he's been a [__] to us how many times
have we reached out to him I'm gonna
explain it right now I got gonna explain
it right now all right I'll sit here and
drink my drink have another drink please
Scott boogie2988 a the biggest man on
YouTube not in sub wise but you know
large gentlemen he recently got you know
he got he got his stomach stapled and he
lost a bunch of weight right now he's
putting it on his wife got rid of him
give it a little backstory I'm not
talking I'm here to regulate this he was
a very very respected person in his
pion mattered within the YouTube
community throughout the years of 2015
16 and 17 that is a fact I will give him
credit where credit's due when he talks
about games I'm genuinely interested
because he is a fat no talking about
your personal opinion all right go on
keep going I am talking about the
audience's the viewers opinions of
boogie2988 he was a respected person all
right I'm not saying respected him
that's not what I'm saying much you're
saying that he didn't have song in fat
[__] neck babe was like oh yeah I
really liked how he talked about crash
bandicoot he does he does funny spin man
why would work on you double jump with
crush bandicoot man it's bad but I don't
like this game anyhow boogie2988 was a
respective voice in the YouTube
community for quite some time to
everyone except for clown in his crash
bandicoot review and all that has went
sour his views have went down he's lost
his way
he's lost his fans he lost his wife he
lost a lot of things lost his mom
there's a reddit thread and it's called
like Sam Cokie or some show I don't even
know the name of it there's a reddit
thread that has gone throughout the
[__] years exposing the nice guy of
YouTube boogie2988 that's a complete
fraud and a very manipulative lying
bastard bad guy right and this let it
excuse me reddit thread keeps growing
and growing and growing and growing and
growing
cuz buggy keeps [__] up I can't get
into all the details of everything he's
ever done because we'll be here all day
but recently he told somebody in the DMS
because bookies always playing the
victim
oh they're bullying me I'm being
harassed recently he told somebody in
the DMS that he got swatted twice in
December okay so the reddit decided you
know what let's play a little detective
here they call the local police all
right and they figure out if he got
swatter or not he was never swatted at
all
he was never swatted they go through all
the records never swatted the
issued a statement saying yes Stephen
Williams which is his real name and
that's public so I'm not Daxing him was
never swatted so they call him out on
Twitter and he's like yeah I was swatted
but I got an agreement with my local
police and they're not gonna put that in
the in the notes and so they went back
to the police they're like look this is
what boogies saying on Twitter publicly
that you guys are not gonna put it in
the notes and the police station said no
that's false
look he's lying every single call we put
as public notes so everybody can see
every call so boogie is now exposed for
lying about being swatted so Bennie
changed his story and now he's trying to
say that he was putting out that false
information to mess with the troll oh it
was a publicity stunt in his management
manager his PR team okay yeah look by
the way boogie is making like less than
$5,000 a month on YouTube he doesn't
have a [__] PR team boogie be like
someone ordered 100 pizzas to my house I
ate him my point of bringing up this
story is is that boogie has been a fraud
for a very long time I'm gonna I
remember when he came on baited I used
to have certain things I'm like asked
him certain question he was like yeah
yeah man 100% you're right
it's like the most pandering [__]
but you can't say anything after that
because if you're admitting to
everything I'm accusing you of can you
like again man all right plants like you
pander you do this and he's like yeah
you know I do this I'm a fake person he
literally said things like I'm fake okay
what do I do now we seem like horrible
people right now but we've tried to help
you
I have oh so I put together a group chat
of 50 youtubers I'm talking we failed it
we chose to the match think of the
biggest youtubers in the platform they
were in there
come on was in there Chad was in there
and our goal was to stop boogie from
killing himself
all right we can't leave that in Y all
right that's fine it's public all right
okay it's it's it's totally fine he was
he told everyone over the summer this
last summer 2019 he was gonna kill
himself so we decided that we would save
him every single one
took time out of our days talked to him
on the phone for hours my time no no the
time out of my day was don't listen to
these retards in the group chat go see a
therapist you fat prick regardless we
spent hours and hours talking to ya and
he would not take any of our advice and
it became very clear that this dude
wanted attention he liked people calling
him and talking to him on the phone
trying to help him more than actually
fixing the problem and that's what he
was seeking he was seeking someone to
talk to
bogeyed be like I'm gonna kill myself
hunger strike okay so in [__] six
years yeah we tried to help him he's a
lost cause let him rot let him lose his
sub I'll be used to lease his channel
he's done now he doesn't have any fancy
stuff I think that really [__] him was
like his true colors really shined
through on live stream and he got into
live streaming a lot because that's a
good source of income dad true and
obviously his YouTube was drying up and
like I don't think his content ever got
worse I think it was like the times
change like he got back six years ago
he's still got the same thumbnails you
know well on his live stream he said
that the people that troll him are worse
than Nazis yeah he said some [__] he
said some really dumb things out of I'm
not gonna fault the pool guy for it I've
said dumb things online everyone [__]
has assaulted me but you say stuff in
the moment Ethan on his [__] POG
cause it says stuff at the moment I have
never said anything dumb on a live
stream yeah never in my career never not
what I can think of one no I'm sure you
can listen I'm not gonna drag you
through the mud any [__] more like
the guy has done enough to ruin his
YouTube channel he doesn't need our
[__] help to do it he's already on
this self-destructive path and there's
nothing we've tried to help him but I'm
not gonna [__] contribute to making
it work buggy leave the internet for six
months and come back and stop being such
a desperate for attention bro like just
just do your thing I don't an the people
not a topic of interest what have we
done here there sighs is there anything
that's happened that's actually
memorable besides that's just getting
blackout drunk we can talk about crime
he said that I was boring to drink with
no boring to hang out with you guys just
sit what about me
no you're fun Thanks you're fun but
because we're not [__] apes here's
the thing Dolan Dolan sits there and he
just monotone voices don't don't god
that is not I said no no it is true
Donal be actively taking what you do
today and I'll be like why anything why
what time are you going over to shares
Park yeah that is not true that is such
an exaggeration he's funny but like he's
not loud he's not loud it's a normal
[__] human as I am when I'm off
camera you just expect another [__] your
[__] Dolan won the lottery okay Dolan
would react like this oh my god I just
think I 16.5 he's exaggerating I think I
just won 6.4 million he's basing this on
like people who hangs out with in
America [__] off [__] oak you want to
know what what blade was doing the first
time I met him he was walking around the
[__] Bowie Jager somehow holding
three Red Bulls in one hand shirt off he
meets me he goes what's up Amish cuz had
long hair he was Jesus [__] orc he's
he is an actual a dog he's not okay he's
not only use me blade no I would never
only used to be blade I'm just saying
you're like a level 2 goblin and blade
is like level 75 full-on [__] golem
hundred percent okay I hate that like
people like will bash blade imma bash
yeah I'm just saying he's [__] up no
he's not I'm saying I'm saying like me
and blade are like we had to stop I
spoke to him when he was nobody was
actually dog and I was like friendship
off no next day it's like yeah can I
suck your [__] blade I don't suck blades
[__] I mean like I can vouch he's pretty
normal so but but when the oh he was he
was we had a lot abated that was never
[__] released he was absolutely he
was absolutely fine this is what people
don't understand about blade okay
only use me blade yes the same one with
the [__] legs
yes very fun to get drunk because he's
like an absolute [__] embassy hear me
out hear me out okay very smart very
good friend very intelligent however
compared to a chimp when he drinks
alcohol we're dealing with blade type B
okay I'm talking about type A I was
friends with type a Type B is the drunk
guy that you guys all see online alright
these are two different [__] people I
appreciate that because we did a podcast
that was never released with only use me
blade what she's got just and he was
fine he was fine he's very sore are you
even friends with him that's drunk blade
that's a different person than silver
blade they're two different people I
swear to God
well I tried to [__] his fans [__]
wife like what do you mean it is funny
stop a war chat please you routed by
setting it up that way okay team called
once clip talks about only use me play
let's go I did a fan meetup in Kansas
City okay and it was 2016 an ice storm
was coming in right so we're about to
cancel the fan meetup the fan meetup was
on Saturday ice storm coming in about to
cancel it so we
the people were like listen you know
what we're gonna do let's go Friday
where the weather hasn't hit the ice
storm hasn't come in let's do a fan
meetup Friday and we'll just change the
date and see if people want to come
we'll still go Saturday when we're
planned well let's just tell them Friday
so we tell people hey man a big ice
storm tomorrow so [__] might be bad we
might have to cancel just come out
tonight come out tonight to the bar look
like 20 people came out cuz it was just
from a tweet right one of the guy that
comes one of the guys that comes out
looks at blade he says blade I'm a huge
fan of you and blades like oh that's
awesome man it was no you don't get it
I've been watching you since I've been a
little kid he's like you're my hero and
blades like oh that's awesome
this guy's already good Todd let me buy
you a drink right late was a legend back
in the day to before he was a live
streamer he was a Call of Duty legend on
YouTube wouldn't say legend no he was a
legitimate legend he was an icon in
YouTube 2009 2010 2011 throughout those
years he was little he was like a ninja
like ninja today
he was like sneaking anyway he was on
that caliber he was you ran Rob Call of
Duty and knife the [__] out of people he
was a god so this guy's a fan of him and
he's like you're my hero all of a sudden
this same guy who is the fanboy drops to
one knee and he goes blade I wanted to
do this in front of you I was there with
his girlfriend right he drops out in one
knee and proposes to his girlfriend he
goes I wanted to do this in front of
beyblade baby I love you will you marry
me and she says yes and she's crying and
he's crying and blades like yeah this
awesome Jaeger Bob's we're all do shots
and it's like this beautiful moment just
happened with a super big fanboy right
the next day 500 people showed up to the
fan meetup through the ice and storm it
was awesome they came back great time
fast forward a year and a half blade
gets banned off a twitch because he's
doing some [__] up drunk I'll tell you
what I did he put he got a donation and
put a finger in his office so he bent
over it shoved his finger in his [__]
for like it was like a hundred bucks
a year and a half later blade gets
banned off a twitch and it's New Years
okay and at New Year's
he lives with big faults and some other
twitch streamers they're having a big
twitch New Year's party that big at the
time then a big anew and they're all
streaming on Twitch but blade is banned
on Twitch so he has to stream down in
the basement and this isn't this isn't a
basement this is an unfinished beams on
constructed walls basin it looks like a
crack den yeah no anyhow so blades down
in the basement streaming on YouTube all
the other streamers are up there on
Twitch and they're having a party and
they decide that they're gonna invite
their biggest donators on their streams
to this New Year's party so big folds
and the other streamers they have all
these random fans at the party and
played was like okay who's my biggest
fan who's my biggest donation well it
was the guy that proposed to his wife in
front of him right so he invites him so
that guy comes with his [__]
brand-new wife cuz they did get married
within this year-and-a-half timeframe
right
everyone's partying upstairs having a
good time well the superfan of Blades
wife comes downstairs and starts hanging
out with blade on blade stream cuz
blades all by himself they're drinking
and blades like have a shot so she has a
shot he has a shot and then he starts
grabbing her titty and I'm like what is
happening right now
okay then they start making out blade is
making out with this girl I'm married at
the summit is very very yeah yeah
married grabs her titty making out with
her all of a sudden I see the superfan
walk down the stairs behind that he
looks directly at them he looks directly
at them and it goes oh my god and turns
around and goes back upstairs and blade
blade quickly turns around he's like ah
shitty shitty come over here have a
drink with us like dude it was so bad so
now blade is busted okay
he just started grabbing the tail
and making out with his biggest fans
wife that proposed in front of him like
you cannot write a better [__] story
right see this is why he likes blade yes
he likes watching a train wreck that's
why you're talking drama - it's like
watching a train wreck it's not it's not
not entertaining but it's not
respectable of course it's not
respectable but I don't care we're not
on the [__] respect tube we're in the
[__] YouTube all entertainment Trump
seems like Train recommend I don't know
what I'll watch my best friend go
downhill anyhow blade has been busted
blade is making out with the super fan
that proposed to his wife wife and he's
been busted it is done it is over blade
is exposed the guy goes back upstairs
and then blade literally starts
fingering the girl goes in deep and like
continues it's just that's that's that's
the story and then later that night I
still together
[__] so that's that's what keemstar
calls his good friends no he's not my
friend anymore cuz he threw the dog oh
it wasn't the [__] his fans wife
bother about that that was funny sorry
but you you married a [__] kid I'm
sorry I don't know you just love train
wrecks this one goes out to only use me
blade may his legs yeah girl may his
legs rot no I don't want to Jaeger bomb
we're already [__] I don't you so you
expressed interest you're gonna have I
don't want to that's not even Red Bull
that's V it's healthier get a close-up
of that look how good of a jagerbomb I
made you can't even get the least shots
of red peppers bother to report a legend
report I'm not doing this shot just
takes extreme skill it's too fast you
gonna really let clown outdo you if I'm
not the one doing the peer pressure it
doesn't work so I'll clear your debt to
me remember he is a [__] so if I do
this shot I don't owe you the 700
oh you USD the thousand dollars a can we
can we just confirm kiemce like your
actual height because I'm 5 foot 10
going on 5 foot 11
and chad is what 6 foot 1 you're not 5 5
10 well what am I then six [__] I'm
510 511 take the hat off
that is okay I have no idea shut up no
it's not I'm taller than five four what
the [__] if five nine
okay I'm five nine that's what I'm
saying it says five eleven on my license
oh five nine anyway [__] okay the
license is from the government I don't
care what that ruler says the government
says I'm five-eleven do I do it again
because we have a right here the rulers
line rulers are lying so [__] tape
measurer five nine I'm 5 11 510 511
whatever I'm a little bit over 6 foot
you know why I look so short though is
cuz I'm stocky you know I really I when
people say oh Kim luk Salukis 5 - like
don't get me wrong I do look like I'm 5
- I get it I'm stocky like the way I'm
built doesn't look like I'm as tall as I
am but I am tall people do you shot come
on
I'm not doing the shot come on you look
good right now why we trying to [__]
here like this is a drinking show Shh
do the shot a chest to the five nine
nine you're a [__] gnome alright drink
this you're 510 he's not even at five
nine and a half he's like just giving
you peer pressure I want to see - [__]
are you I dare you I [__] dumb
thousand dollars I want to give you a
thousand dollars but if you slam that
right now con two packs of cigarettes no
that's like a hundred boxes already paid
for all your ready buff food for like
the last two weeks no way there's no
[__] well I mean we know that I'd be
Shelly weakened or he's gonna be [__]
you
no way do it for the non [__] now I
need to have a drink God you he's making
you look real bad let's finish it I
don't look real bad in real life I might
look bad on the show you are a weak weak
man a beta male you are a [__] soy
boy a cup and every other Fortran word
for this what's the new one sim you are
a [__] simp I was strong enough to
say [__] both of you I'm not doing it
that's a strength ok topic of interests
kids let's get into some conversation
about the most dangerous person on all
of YouTube I'm Alex I'm Alex I'm Alex at
any moment that's fun I'll let you use
this channel to just [__] slaughter
I'm Alex I'll back you up I'm Alex this
is a horrible horrible person that lies
non-stop alright if you are a fan of
this person just understand that you
were supporting a psychopath who's
accused multiple people of sexual
assault that wasn't true and it isn't a
scenario where it is a mistake it's an
error on his part
it's like a scenario where he is just
lying for attention alright
it's not like I'm Alex's hey I'm sorry
slaw so is actually not a rapist guys I
got it wrong my bad
no it's a it's a scenario in which he
doubles down triples down and you know
basically throws friends under the bus
not just a slice of Oh zapped I just a
horrible person who's made yes I was
pretty [__] yeah he makes videos on me
but Schlosser was awesome for me it was
a good dude so why did I'm Alex calm a
rapist and because I'm Alex's like Jews
let me sell my garbage much but he was
pissed when people like that are online
and they're just like I'm an internet
sensation when they proclaim them sorrow
nothing like that
I like non-exact thinks that yeah
they don't look at slaw so as a friend
they look at them as a competition and B
views and the second that anything bad
came up with slicer it didn't matter
what kind of friendship what ties he had
to him because his best friend is his
YouTube some cat a nice [__] boy who
know do you think that I'm Alex should
have a career no let me finish let me
finish the reason Alex so that was
because he valued his general friendship
was Leslie yes I'll be the first to
agree slicer it's a bit of a weird guy
bent on the battle bang we win he's just
shy he's shy Sean he's shy but Alex at
that point when I was oh my first
impression was he was rapist but you
didn't say that I'm joking I didn't but
ii ii ii that alex got an opportunity
like okay I've hung out with slicer I've
met him I've got to know him maybe he
didn't lock him maybe he didn't like him
as a person because of whatever reasons
he was like yeah I'm just gonna say he's
a rapist because it's gonna get me views
that kind of person doesn't deserve a
YouTube channel thank you that's where I
look I see true Jordy and I let me take
a minute to call true Jordi true Jordy I
know you're good dude nobody supported
[__] on PETA like this no you liking
to be [__] on it has nothing to do with
him being a bad person or a good person
so rata true Jordy I know you're a good
dude I met you in real life I know it a
hundred
you're a good entertainer I'll give a
[__] you're a good entertainer you've
always been a good entertainer I've
supported you since you were weighed
smaller on YouTube platform this is a
very bad sorry Todd he's a big
I like you trees already don't listen
your face recording a punch routing
Jordi is fakers ship yeah I know with
him he's a great guy I'm sure he can
beat me up in a fight great but he's a
fake piece of [__] he's a fake piece of
[__] Ygritte brings Alex I talk [__]
about the people who look Jake Poole
yes friends yeah exactly I know you hate
Brad does bad so he's a bit edgy he says
some dumb things where I look at my guy
and I thought he says some really
[__] edgy [__] I think it's funny
I probably shouldn't think it's funny he
says some edgy [__] and I've spoken
around I'm like Brad I get it this is
funny this is funny between friends yeah
but don't post online if you want to
grow a youtube career but bright doesn't
give a [__]
triangles banter is a funny [__] he is
and the second true Geordie see
something like that he's like this is
views like I'm not gonna look in the
context he's like this is there's a
one-hour [__] video of me saying that
he's racist bla bla bla without looking
into it true Jordi's is the same as i'm
alex same mental say that's why they've
now get along now the only difference in
him and I'm Alex is mal I'm Alex is
[__] malnourished & looks like he
comes from the Ice Age true shorties
this guy that puts roids up his [__]
goes the gym every day and if you
question anything he does wrong he
doesn't have an argument for you he goes
I would beat you up I'm a big British
[__] [__] that has a podcast I'm
a punch you in the head if he talks [__]
about me no no no no you're wrong true
Geordie does not flex some people like
he's gonna beat them up you're wrong
okay thank you some lot by the way
there's a exactly the exact same with
I'm Alec I just get a very I get a very
[__] bad vibe from okay here's why
true Geordie is not a fake piece of [__]
he's a fresh the next fought true
Geordie got exposed for the most
embarrassing embarrassing conversing
I'll make fun of that but I'm not gonna
like folder me out hear me out okay
please hear me out don't know okay so he
got exposed for the most aberrant
embarrassing [__] right some girl came
out in leaked DMS where he's asking the
girl to [__] on him it's like asking the
old that he wants to stick a dildo in
her and when he sucked the dildo that's
funny
okay this is some embarrassing [__] it's
funny and this is why he is not fake a
person who's fake would have been like
dude That's not me
I think he's fake with other lies he's
faking take him out and [__] just
said yes that's me I'm into weird [__]
I'm sorry guys what else can you do at
that point why any normal person would
be like that is that true like 10 times
was eyes exposed because he's not fake
he told the truth no I think you didn't
have anywhere else to go from there yes
I've seen him I've seen him in this
interaction she's like sitting on the
[__] Logan pool or whoever take pool
and the next day's lights I'm your best
friend what accommodation for being the
most realistic super okay you guys
you're horrible friends I really do have
that reputation if I was talking to some
girl and I wanted her to [__] on me
stick a dildo in her socket if I would
have been like straight-up shaggy
I'm sure like if I met Rory I was like
I'd be like he's a nice guy he's a nice
guy you gotta meet people in person
before you like this break okay he's a
good guy he's a good guy I was wrong but
my impression of him online is like no
I'm sorry I think you've got to meet
them in person before you know so maybe
I'm wrong okay Kim you say he's not fake
but we get caught with your knife in the
[__] chest you go I'm not a murderer
you can't fake that you just gotta own
up to it I don't understand when he got
back into a corner and you're making fun
of the Whitley's into which I'm not
faulting for everyone as weird fetishes
I have weird fetishes I'm gonna say him
back he [__] was the DMZ I don't
recording of it you're crazy there's
nothing else he could do said they're
not true they're Photoshop yeah it was
bland it was played out I kill you the
cops walk in I did kill him oh Sh just
play nice nice I just had a knife
I make movements like this
Stan told you that you could have said
they weren't real he didn't because
everyone would have been like because
the root of Roscoe is this a big fat
[__] like eeem it's Sam with the
other thing else he can do okay here's
the thing with I'm Alan you know it's
not fair it's not fair to treat Rory we
haven't met him
Keim's madam okay I've had drinks with
him he's the [__] have you met Alex I
like the other by his co-host what's his
name
British - no I like him no one can
remember his co-host even I can I swear
I homie if you're watching this you
probably know he's I like him he's funny
I like him too whatever true Jody's be
like I'm Alex come on pugazh your friend
/i ripe funny yeah yeah yeah true Jordie
stop giving [__] high Malik's a
platform or at least let me go on your
show on Christmas so I can be there with
Willie knee or what
yeah Willie NIEM emulous okay and let me
face
Alex one-on-one here so I can hold him
so I can hold him accountable for every
[__] up oh by the way I'm like I'm
emulous we've had drinks we sure this is
a good guy will will Annie we've shared
drinks will he invited me to British
YouTube as a member of emulous is the
first don't understand at all is why
your friends when I'm Alex because so
don't don't just don't don't do the
guilt by association going to [__]
backstab you okay okay but don't do the
guilty by association
I can't I just sorted I like him because
otherwise I would have been [__] a
long time ago oh yeah you are like best
friends I've never spoken to this and
Romeo lacrosse and [__] you know all
your best friends
I like leafyishere that was a top of
debated for a while big controversy
they're gone you're always friends with
the biggest scumbags on YouTube I know
um yeah it came out this [__] bridge
it's like the pop wasn't named the pot
calling the kettle Brown yeah
your phones with my scumbag you should
mean team that is actually the phrase
look I'm a good person
you can't call yourself a good person
but I will stop I'm not sucking your
[__] your pious you're a good bloke
you're a [__] but you're not a monster
you're not a monster I think with anyone
you meet they have good qualities and
bad qualities and if you can understand
and accept the bad qualities you can
appreciate the good qualities also I was
always been the case ski like he has bad
qualities he's [__] your stomach you're
not a good guy
but I can appreciate but you're not a
monster I'm a great person I can be no I
look out and I look out for the little
guy I exposed the bad guys I'm a good
guy until I become a bad guy yeah you
know like I said you know the best
person the world but like there are
people out there that have much worse
than you like I'm Alex it still has ups
are you good I'm a good guy behind the
station about me for a second
oh my bad dude I want to you're you're
not you guys are [__] playing it up
to the [__] like reddit people of
2013 they're like I heard him call Alex
a bad word there are things that you
have done that are bad they're not what
I got the other night you guys hopped in
an uber and you're a bit angry and it
would drive a little bit up the road you
get more one-star yeah he doesn't think
about the consequences for the hell but
obviously afterwards he was like oh sure
yeah after weeks I feel like you need to
be told what's right have been accused
of something let me respond okay
the charges that I'm being accused of is
giving an uber driver one star now let
me explain why he got a one star okay
I left the casino and I called for an
uber I have this technology called uber
right where I put an address of where
I'm going and where I'm being picked up
the [__] uber driver comes in right
speaking barely English right drives
right past me races and parks that has
nothing to do with it I'm just saying
communication is a big thing let's be
real you need to be able to communicate
with your driver so that you can twist
it but I'm giving you a [__] right past
me like a mile down the road so we have
to walk okay whatever he got the wrong
smoke 30-second he got the wrong spot
whatever okay a mile is exaggerating
you're right it was probably about a
minute walk we get into the vehicle and
the guy immediately has this rundown
beat-up car we should feel sorry for him
me or turd Excel okay we're paying extra
for a certain class of V ignore no sorry
just just to clarify Excel is just
slightly bigger well in America is extra
nice Excel is nice extra large so more
people okay not paying extra large okay
regardless his vehicle smelled like piss
all right it did it's stuck fine it is
what it is old vehicle and it's smell
like piss okay and I had to walk to get
there I get in the vehicle right dogs
getting in the back second Dolan's get
in the back he puts the seat down to go
into the third row and he steps on it to
go into the back and the guy goes oh no
no no no dude jaws stepping on me see do
not separate mercy he yells at Dolan
like Dolan is his [__] child
no dude we're customers you don't talk
to us like that all right
I mean its ferno's his box just like the
seats well you got a [__] car anyway he
wasn't rude about it he was no no please
all dashes he yelled at him like it was
his child all right I'm just am I trying
to go to my place he goes uh are you
going to this address what what the [__]
is the point of Technology if I'm
putting in my address why do I need you
think that he's confirming like are you
going here he doesn't know that you're
the person that all that would be yet
there's no what you'd look like it
doesn't a name he asks you for the
addressee I hit sure and my name is in
there he's seen me he's confirming
that's a normal thing every [__] over
I hop into here they're like fine
normal things confirming the address lab
what's the point of the technology
what's the point of it why don't I just
call them and say excuse me sir can you
pick me up and I'm going to this wrap it
up wrap it up wrap it up wrap it up
saying it's bad service I get in the
Ober the whole ride he's like oh you're
American Oh why are you he starts doing
the small talk [__] I did not order
a therapist I ordered a [__] uber I
want you to pick me up in a nice vehicle
that doesn't smell like piss I want you
to know exactly where I'm going because
I've already did that work
I already inputted the address in and I
want you just to take me to my father
that's what I paid for that I'm not
paying for a [__] interview
[__]
stop ask if you want to also something
talk I will engage in the conversation
you are a [__] person in service a
LAN service I get your eye set but you
agree that's not worth giving once I was
the uber driver I would be the best one
ever
I would not say anything to you unless
you engaged I would not [__] ask you
stupid question on him off I would not
waste your time I would get five stars
every single ride this guy should not
have a job he should not be hired by
uber bad service good serve to be fired
you are now I hope you're watching this
right now but [__] you don't deserve
to be on burr you're bad I've had way
better hairspray if I were to match you
up to other uber drivers you are one
star quality [__] not good
where do you see yourself in 10 years
Cape star well in less than three years
I will be 40 years old and at the age of
40 years old
reporting on you know kids in their 20s
or teenagers right it's a little
inappropriate for me to continue to do
like what I'm doing
so in ten years time I would assume that
I would still be the host of drama
getting like 2 million views an episode
because hello beast okay all right what
do you see yourself and hopefully
married to a guy serious question
serious questions very serious questions
yes I
I've made enough money seven figures
something like that millionaire I'm
self-sufficient now but like yeah enough
to be very comfortable live an island
monetarily wise
how about met a nice woman not child if
we're very serious so I'm getting older
hopefully uh hopefully be married have a
few kids cuz I voice I've always I've
always wanted kids
I'm just traditional like that married
with kids lots of kids and just
ultimately in the end date be happy okay
that's fair now with the last two or
three minutes of the segment is that
anyone you [__] hate besides the
people we've mentioned just rapid-fire
one at a time who do we [__] hate cuz
this is baited I know this is called
once but this is a bad reunion with all
the boys recording plan who do you [__]
I mean juicytube
but I guess someone else J station man
scumbag I know a lot of people we set on
this episode but J station I bought a
slave on the Deep Web how is this
channel not deleted I hate so few people
but there are a few that alike yeah if
they died it wouldn't lose a night's
sleep over are those the two people I
would say talk to is this the last
segment of the show last segment okay
well I gotta say this okay there's been
a lot of youtubers that have done a lot
of shitty stuff as a person who hosts
tromler I've seen it all right and
there's one person that has done the
absolute worse and he deserves that his
career is completely ended and that
person for me who I absolutely despise
and hate and I hope his career ends
forever is the uber driver
[__] you you deserve one star I don't
care that you get fired do you know what
customer service is like get the [__]
out if you drove and the five miles
under the speed
- on top of it bro you're horrible I
hope to get shit-canned and - I'm Alex
yeah you too
ice age [__]
[Music]